Drops poetry and Makefile (#66)
delb-xml/delb-py: docs/installation.rst

    done well.

Developer toolbox
-----------------

The repository includes configurations so that beside a suited Python
interpreter three tools need to be available globally. pipx_ is the recommended
facilitation to install the Python implemented tools *black* and *hatch*.

just
~~~~

just_ is a task runner that executes a variety of common *recipes*. This gives a
list of all available ones::

>     …/delb-py $ just -list

Author: ```suggestion
    …/delb-py $ just --list
```

Before committing changes, run the complete suite of quality checks by invoking
the default recipe::

    …/delb-py $ just

black
~~~~~

It's recommended to configure the used editors and IDEs to enforce black_'s code
style, but it can also be applied with::

    …/delb-py $ just black

hatch
~~~~~

> Many other of the *just* recipes rely on hatch_.

Author: ```suggestion
Several of the *just* recipes rely on hatch_.
```
